# SKQ_Project
## 1. E-book personalized recommendation system
This article first analyzes and explains the development of the e-book industry and the "recommendation system", combined with the system analysis of this "e-book recommendation system", including the system's business process analysis, demand analysis and data flow analysis, decided to use Android and CentOS7 The C / S structure of the server adopts MySQL 8 as the DBMS of this system. With the above tools, detailed functional design of the "electronic book personalized recommendation system", and finally programming to realize the system.
## 2. Implement handwriting recognition on the data sets MNIST and K49
This project mainly studies how to implement deep learning-based handwriting recognition on the Kmnist and K49 datasets. Firstly, the datasets are loaded and preprocessed. Then, experiments are conducted on the KMNIST dataset using a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) deep learning neural network with six different settings. For each setting, model training, evaluation, performance visualization, and comparisons of predicted labels vs. actual labels are analyzed.
Subsequently, similar experiments are conducted for the LeNet deep learning neural network. Six different parameter settings are attempted on the KMNIST dataset, recording the training accuracy, loss, and test accuracy for each epoch and visualizing the results. The LeNet model is then applied to the K49 dataset, and three different parameter settings are tested. Similarly, the training accuracy, loss, and test accuracy for each epoch are recorded and visualized.
Finally, the performance of all LeNet models on the KMNIST and K49 datasets is compared. Overall, this Notebook file demonstrates in detail how to perform deep learning experiments using MLP and LeNet models on two datasets, as well as how to evaluate and visualize the experimental results.
## 3. Stock trading robot
In this project, I have developed a smart trading bot that leverages machine learning models to predict stock price trends and generate buy and sell signals for optimal trading decisions. The primary motivation behind this trading bot is to simplify the stock market trading process and help investors maximize their returns.
## 4. ABSA Customer Repurchase Prediction
In order to better understand the impact of online comments on customers 'willingness to buy again, we need to adopt more detailed analysis methods. 
We adopt the aspect-based sentiment analysis method to analyze the influencing factors of customers' repurchase willingness from the perspective of customers' emotions and experience, and put forward improvement measures to improve the customer repurchase rate.
